feat: add support for vtpm (#2279)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere: CHANGELOG.md

- `resource/vsphere_resource_pool`: Updates to include steps to create resource pool on standalone ESXi hosts.
  [#2264](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere/pull/2264)

FEATURES:

> - `resource\vsphere_virtual_machine`: Adds ability to add `vTPM` to virtual machine on creation or clone existing virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `resource/vsphere_virtual_machine`: Adds ability to add `vTPM` to virtual machine on creation or clone.
```

  [#2279](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere/pull/2279)

> - `data\vsphere_virtual_machine`: Adds ability read `vTPM` on virtual machine, will come back true or false depending on settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data/vsphere_virtual_machine`: Adds ability read `vTPM` on virtual machine; will return `true` or `false` based on the configuration.
```
